docs: improve importmap readme (#518)
open-wc/open-wc: packages/import-maps-generate/README.md

It allows you to fix the "nested" npm problem for front end development.

::: warning

> Currently only yarn.lock is supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, only yarn.lock is supported
```

:::

::: warning

> This is still in early beta (windows paths are not supported yet)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is still in early beta (Windows paths are not supported yet)
```

:::

## Features

> - generates a flat import-map

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generates a flat import-map
```

> - prompts the user when there are version conflicts that are not automatically resolvable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prompts the user when there are version conflicts that are not automatically resolvable
```

> - supports resolutions, overrides and deletions via the `importMap` property in package.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Supports resolutions, overrides, and deletions via the `importMap` property in package.json
```

> - supports yarn workspaces (monorepos)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Supports yarn workspaces (monorepos)
```

yarn add @import-maps/generate
```

> Generation of the import map should happen after you install dependencies, so you can add the script to your postinstall hook in `package.json`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should generate the import map after you install dependencies by adding the script to your `postinstall` hook in `package.json`:
```

## Configuration

You can add a `importMap` key in your `package.json` file to specify overrides, deletions or resolutions.

`package.json`:
```
{
  "name": "my-package",
  "version": "0.0.0",
  // ...
  "importMap": {
    "overrides": {
      "imports": {},
      "scopes": {}
    },
    "deletes": [],
    "resolutions": {}
  }
}
```

### Overrides

> There may be times where you'll want to apply overrides. For example, if you're using the built-in `std:kv-storage` module and the polyfill for browsers that don't support it, the `kv-storage-polyfill` will be in your yarn.lock, and will be included in your import map like so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There may be times where you'll want to override certain imports. For example, if you're using the built-in `std:kv-storage` module along with `kv-storage-polyfill` for nonsupporting browsers, then `kv-storage-polyfill`  will be in your lockfile. The generated import map will look like this:
```

```json
{
  "importMap": {
    "overrides": {
      "imports": {
        "kv-storage-polyfill": "/node_modules/kv-storage-polyfill/index.js",
        "kv-storage-polyfill/": "/node_modules/kv-storage-polyfill/"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> however what you actually want is to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This, however, is not what you really want. Instead, you'd prefer to use the built-in module where supported and fall back to the polyfill if needed.
```

> - use the built-in module if supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - use the polyfill as a fallback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Why remove it?

> you can achieve that via an override in your `package.json`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can achieve that via an override in your `package.json`'s `importMap` configuration:
```

}
```

::: warning

> Note that if you apply overrides, you may also need to specify deletions for the generated scope in the importmap.

Reviewer 2: you will need to override the `directory` map right? these are not to be confused with scopes

```
imports: {
   'foo/', '/path/to/foo/', // "directory map" (no clue if there is a name for it 🙈 )
}
scopes: {
   '/path/to/script.js': { // scope to provide a specific import map (which overrides) for a specific path/url
     'foo/': '/path/to/fork/
  }
}
```

Author: Lets go with directory map for now yeah :)

Author: It's just called a `package` mapping: https://github.com/WICG/import-maps#packages-via-trailing-slashes

}
```

Overrides may be useful for:
- Polyfilling
- Fixing a dependency with a local fork
- Getting a dependency from a CDN instead

### Deletes

> You can apply deletions to the generated importmap by adding a `deletes` property to your package.json:

Reviewer 2: I think it should be called `importMap` everywhere right?

Author: Actually should be "[import map](https://github.com/WICG/import-maps#the-import-map)" in running text. Should be `importMap` when referring to the property in package.json.

Fixed it

}
```

Overrides may be useful for:
- Polyfilling
- Fixing a dependency with a local fork
- Getting a dependency from a CDN instead

### Overriding Scopes

You can also override entire scopes:

```json
{
  "importMap": {
    "overrides": {
      "scopes": {
        "lit-html/": "/path/to/lit-html/"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> ### Deletes

Reviewer: `overrides` and `resolutions` are nouns, but `deletes` is a verb. Perhaps this key should be `deletions`?

Author: I agree, though this requires changes in the code as well so I propose to do it in a separate PR

Author: Actually nvm, I changed it in this PR

You can apply deletions to the generated import map by adding a `deletes` property to your package.json:

`package.json`:
```json
{
  "importMap": {
    "deletes": ["kv-storage-polyfill", "kv-storage-polyfill/"]
  }
}
```

### Resolutions

> There may be times where you have conflicting versions. For example; `lit-html@0.14.0` and `lit-html@1.1.0` are both present, and you only want `lit-html@1.1.0`. When this happens, it will prompt the user to ask to solve the resolution. Alternatively, you can specify resolutions in your package.json instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There may be times where you have conflicting versions of the same package in your `node_modules`. For example, one package may depend on `lit-html@0.14.0` and another on `lit-html@1.1.0`. In that case, the import map generator will prompt the user to pick a particular version to use canonically.

Alternatively, you can specify your own resolutions in your package.json.
```
